document option to prevent unregistered user spend (#8497)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/prevent-unregistered-users-from-spending-credits.adoc

---
contentTags:
  platform:
  - Cloud
---
= Prevent unregistered users from spending credits
:page-layout: classic-docs
:page-liquid:

> :page-description: A how to guide to configuring your org so that unregistered users will not be able to perform actions that spend credits3

Reviewer: Is the `3` on `credits3` a typo or part of the markup?

Author: typo! thanks

:icons: font
:experimental:

It is possible for _unregistered_ users to trigger pipelines, and therefore, spend credits. Use the **Prevent unregistered user spend** option to only allow registered users the ability to trigger work that consumes credits. For a full breakdown of the various ways pipelines can be triggered, see the xref:triggers-overview[Triggers overview].

[NOTE]
====

> An _unregistered_ user is how CircleCI tracks users who have triggered builds but have not signed up for a CircleCI account. Unregistered users **do** count as link:https://support.circleci.com/hc/en-us/articles/360034783154[active users].

Reviewer: It's described in the next linked document (https://support.circleci.com/hc/en-us/articles/360037744473-What-is-an-Unregistered-User-) but Unregistered users will map to a single "Unregistered User", though I'm not sure if we need to make that more clear here.

Author: @BrennanMacKay so multiple unregistered for an org would just be counted as a single active user?

Reviewer: Yep that's correct, I'm not sure exactly where that mapping occurs but we have a single unregistered user actor id that all of the unregistered users are mapped to. This is what shows up as the `Unregistered User` in the user list.

> An _unregistered_ user is how CircleCI tracks users who have triggered builds but have not signed up for a CircleCI account. Unregistered users **do** count as link:https://support.circleci.com/hc/en-us/articles/360034783154[active users].

Author: ```suggestion
An _unregistered_ user is how CircleCI tracks users who have triggered builds but have not signed up for a CircleCI account. Unregistered user activity within an org is mapped to, and counts as a single link:https://support.circleci.com/hc/en-us/articles/360034783154[active user].
```
